chore(flutter-docs): use latest version of flutter and amplify, miscellaneous updates (#4310)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/theming/theming.flutter.mdx

import { Alert, Link } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';

<Alert variation="info" role="none">

> The live examples opt into usage of Material 3 which will become the default in a future version of Flutter. See <Link isExternal href="https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/ThemeData/useMaterial3.html">useMaterial3</Link> for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The live examples use Material 3 styling which is currently behind a feature flag. See <Link isExternal href="https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/ThemeData/useMaterial3.html">useMaterial3</Link> for more info. The next stable release of Flutter is expected to make Material 3 the default.
```

>   All of the live examples in the docs opt into material 3 support. This will become the default in a future version Flutter. See <Link isExternal href="https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/ThemeData/useMaterial3.html">useMaterial3</Link> for more info.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The live examples opt into usage of Material 3 which will become the default in a future version of Flutter. See <Link isExternal href="https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/ThemeData/useMaterial3.html">useMaterial3</Link> for more info.
